Hi, I'm Kun Zhu. I work as a senior software architect at Moody's Analytics right now, I also worked as a team manager at Moody's a few years ago. 
I'm most skilled in C#, and Java language,  and also worked on Scala, python, and javascript for a few years.
I am experienced in SQL, Elasticsearch, Redis, and AWS Cloud techniques, and worked in microservices, Winform, and Excel plugins development areas. 

From 2021, I worked in Moody's Analytics CSG group to develop a new product Risk Compass, which is a platform to help financial institutions and large companies to identify and manage their risks. In this project, I have set up an Elasticsearch cluster to work as a search engine to support the search feature, and I also developed a microservice to support the search engine. I have also designed and developed some other microservices to support various features of the Risk Compass platform.  Besides that, I have also implemented some financial model calculations and some ETL jobs to support these financial model calculations on top of the AWS Glue platform, which is a serverless apache spark platform. To implement these financial model calculations, I have also developed some python scripts with pandas and numpy libraries to run on AWS batch to support the calculation.

From 2020 to 2021, I designed and developed a microservice to generate corporate risk scorecard templates for Credit View China. 

From 2012 to 2020, I worked in CSR group of moody's analysts to work on a product called Moody's Add-in for Excel. This is a data tool to help financial analysts to access Moody's data and use moody's financial models inside Excel. It also allows financial analysts to interact their own data and models with moody's data and models. The client side of this product is a plugin installed on the user's machine. We have integrated an embedded browser control in this plugin to host the front-end so that we can use pure HTML and javascript to render model UI. the server side of this product is a platform built by .Net core microservices.

Before Moody's analysts, I was working at Morningstar from 2006 to 2012. I worked on a product called Morningstar Advisor Workstation. It's a platform to help financial advisors to manage their client's portfolios and hypothetical reports.

I graduated from Zhongshan University in the year 2006. After that, I kept learning new techniques and knowledge. I learned python language and studied a financial market course.  I got a certificate of AWS certified Solution architect in the year 2017 and the FRM certificate this year. 

That's a brief introduction of myself, thanks.